adding renovateBot configuration and dropping chaitime for dckeSwag (#6)
droidconKE/chai: README.md

Link to the [design doc](https://xd.adobe.com/view/eb1ed4ed-fd4d-4ba2-b2f7-a91c7379a022-be4d/screen/cfea72b5-9007-4335-ae86-9162594c094f/)

This Project shows how you can use this design system in a multi module app monoRepo set up.

### Structure Of Chai's Design System Project,

> The Chai Design System ProjectArchitecture is captured in detail:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chai Design System Project Architecture is captured in detail:
```
